today who will teach us a quick
cassava dumpling recipe and much
Tasty is the owner. Hilda is a cookie.
Cheap a very tasty cake, huh?
and it's such a thing to do is
a day's food for days and
so let's put your hand on the dough note
there the ingredients the pound of manioc
cooked is in the sata is a cup of tea
wheat flour 2 eggs and a spoon
butter and you cook cassava the pasta
after Sergio 's egg flour and
butter and the dough makes a dough is to skip
mother and another gives some tips
important
the recipe has to be made at the time of
roll the cassava dumplings to avoid
lose consistency after they
can be frozen and then fried
then rises in the microwave and is
ready your light
the filling can be done with ground meat
ham and mozzarella or chicken with
catupiry to please various tastes
you'll be stuffing the filling
meat or poultry meat
with catupiry ham mozzarella there
really not
filling is good preparation of the
Manioc cake is very easy after
of the finished dough it will be stuffed
Then it has to be fried to be okay.
fresh
the cookies are now ready and now
We're going to try them on.
You think it was delicious, I 'm
suspected to speak because of them
The blinks I do look good so let's go
try and let's fight
delicious the batter was very thin
said spoke loup owner thank you very much
now is the tip for you to make a
cassava dumpling at home this weekend
week